Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
♪ Do you know
Where you're going to? ♪
♪ Do you like the things
That life is showing you? ♪
♪ Where are you going to? ♪
♪ Do you know? ♪
Ladies and gentlemen. I want to thank you
for being here tonight.
Thank you for the love
and for making this
a really special evening for me.
But thank you most of all
for this fabulous young man.
-Me?
-[Diana Ross] Well. that's right.
Well. come on. love. Join me.
Well. now. don't be shy. darling.
You know what I say after all.
I know everything you say.
[Diana] Well. then.
you know you can't just sit around
and wait for people
to give you that golden dream.
You've gotta get out there
and make it happen for yourself.
Precisely.
-♪ Do you get what you're hopin' for ♪
-[lip-synching]
♪ When you look behind you
There's no open door ♪
♪ What are you hopin' for? ♪
♪ Do you know? ♪
Now. tell us what we'll soon be saying
in every household across the country.
shouting from every rooftop
around the world.
Tell us your name.
Trevor. what are you doing?
Telling everyone my name.
Well. can you tell everyone
a little bit to the left. kiddo?
You're blocking the TV.
That's my mom and dad.
Their relationship with the television
is out of hand.
♪ I don't think they would care
If I stop breathing air ♪
♪ Unless some guy on the news
Told them it was so ♪
♪ Even then they'd just say… ♪
♪ Trevor. out of the way ♪
♪ Ronald Reagan was shot ♪
♪ Like a week ago ♪
[journalist on TV]
In day six of our continuing coverage
of John Hinckley's assassination attempt
on the president. we delve…
♪ But I won't let TV
Be as far as I see ♪
♪ 'Cause my future won't fit
On a little screen ♪
♪ Once I light up the stage
I'll be all of the rage ♪
♪ And this Friday they're gonna see
What I mean ♪
♪ I've been patiently waiting ♪
♪ For all the world to know
What I always knew ♪
♪ But now just like Diana ♪
♪ Out of nowhere
I will be discovered too ♪
[students] ♪ Oh ♪
♪ 'Cause I know where I'm going
And I'm going far ♪
♪ Going far ♪
♪ Gonna shoot out of here ♪
-♪ Like a shooting star ♪
-♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Right now is just the beginning
Of watching me go ♪
♪ 'Cause once I'm on
I'm on and on ♪
♪ And on with the show ♪
Cathy. they're announcing who got picked
for the talent show today!
I know. but. Trevor.
I heard they had tons of people try out.
and I felt like Mrs. Kerr
didn't really appreciate
your reenactments of those scenes
from Fame.
Don't worry. Cathy.
Diana Ross was discovered
at a talent competition too.
This is how it happens.
♪ Every day's just a day
That's been ticking away ♪
♪ Leading up to the day of my destiny ♪
♪ Now it's all taking shape
Soon I'll finally escape ♪
♪ Every day of this middle school misery ♪
[whistle blows]
All right. ladies and ladies.
That's it for today.
but we're gonna make the rest of the week
a little more fun.
When Coach Gregory says "fun."
it usually turns out to be one of the most
traumatic experiences of my existence.
No more wussy aerobics!
I'm gonna pair everyone up
for one-on-one basketball.
And then the winners will continue
to advance
until we have our ultimate competitor.
I call it
the "Ultimate Competitor Competition."
Help me.
♪ Every game is the same ♪
-♪ With another dumb name ♪
-♪ Whoa ♪
♪ For embarrassing me
When I try to play ♪
♪ Nothing else I can do
Except pray to get through ♪
♪ Without having to play… ♪
♪ Pinky Farraday ♪
♪ Ah. ah ♪
[all sigh]
-♪ Ah. ah ♪
-♪ He's like some kind of hero ♪
♪ Like in a Greek play
That takes place in a gym ♪
-♪ Whoa. whoa ♪
-♪ 'Cause there's nothing he can't play ♪
♪ So it's a tragedy
To play against him ♪
Pinky Farraday. your competitor tomorrow
will be Trevor Nelson.
No!
Way.
No way.
♪ I've gotta keep on going
Through this tragedy ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Gotta hold on until it's all history ♪
♪ Oh. oh ♪
♪ Till everything right now ♪
♪ Right now is ages ago ♪
-♪ I am on and on and on. na na na na ♪
-♪ On and on ♪
♪ On and on and on and on
Na na na na ♪
♪ On and on and on and on ♪
♪ And on with the show ♪
[bell rings]
Mrs. Kerr.
about the talent show this Friday.
are you posting the participant list
before or after lunch?
'Cause if you wanted to see any portion
of my audition again.
I can always show you--
Trevor. you do understand
you'd be in front of the entire school?
And you were playing all the roles.
even the women.
Yeah. you can't do Fame without Coco.
She has all the best songs.
Well. I'm not sure Principal Gordon
and the PTA would understand that.
But the football team dances
in those pink tutus every year.
Well. that's just a joke. Trevor.
You were being serious.
Well. I can make Coco a boy.
-I can change whatever you--
-Trevor.
The program is set.
And there's just no place in it for you.
♪ Diana says I can't lay down and die
'Cause my golden dream is up to me ♪
-♪ Diana says to get back up and try ♪
-[students] ♪ Ooh ♪
♪ 'Cause there's so much more
I've gotta be ♪
-♪ Diana says a valley ♪
-♪ Ah ♪
♪ Is there for getting through ♪
♪ Diana says… ♪
♪ "Don't give up" ♪
♪ And I'm not going to ♪
♪ Where you going to? ♪
-♪ Where you going to? ♪
-[students] ♪ Where are you going to? ♪
♪ Where are you going? ♪
♪ Where are you going?
Where are you going? ♪
-♪ Do you know? ♪
-[students] ♪ Where are you going? ♪
♪ I'm going and I'm going ♪
♪ Like Diana goes ♪
-[students] ♪ On and on and on and on ♪
-♪ On and on and on till everybody knows ♪
-♪ Whoa. oh. oh. oh ♪
-♪ 'Cause just like Diana ♪
-♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
-♪ I'll never turn back now ♪
♪ I'll find a way
Into the talent show somehow ♪
-♪ No. I'll never stop going ♪
-♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Till that's where I go ♪
♪ Going. going. going. going. go ♪
♪ And I am on and on and on ♪
♪ Na na na na ♪
♪ On and on and on and on ♪
-♪ So let's go on ♪
-♪ Na na na na na ♪
-♪ So let's go on and on and on ♪
-♪ So let's go on ♪
-♪ Na na na na na ♪
♪ Na na na na na na na
Na na na na na ♪
♪ Let's go. let's go. let's go ♪
♪ Let's go on ♪
♪ On with the show ♪
Trevor. where's the microscope?
That's Walter Stiltman.
He lives next door.
I was able to collect a specimen
pretty quickly thanks to 7-B.
I guess since his mom's divorced.
she has to buy this weirdly elaborate
underwear out of magazines.
Do you think Cathy wears stuff like this?
She wears a flannel navy nightgown
with long sleeves. I've seen it.
Lucky.
Hardly. [sighs]
Whoa. Get over here.
[Trevor] It's not fair.
Why is Mrs. Kerr in charge
of putting together the talent show?
She can't even put together an outfit.
You know?
I like what Mrs. Kerr wears.
Especially that green dress
with the loose button.
Okay.
Would you just look at this already?
It looks like tadpoles.
Here. Your turn.
But we already observed yours.
It's a scientific experiment.
You can't learn anything
from just one specimen.
You're the second variable.
What are we learning again?
I'm working on a hypothesis
that mine are abnormally strong.
Like top-10% strong.
But given that I have limited data.
my adjusted hypothesis is that mine
are just way stronger than yours.
-No. they're not.
-Prove it.
Is it true it can make me go deaf?
No.
Trust me.
Do I need to use the same girl as you?
Look. I was very happy with my choice.
You should be equally happy with yours.
Right.
Okay.
♪ She's got nice eyes
They go with her bra ♪
Okay.
♪ And with that strap across her thighs ♪
I guess.
♪ But wouldn't it itch
Sitting on straw? ♪
She's in a barn.
♪ That seems a little unwise ♪
[Walter] So what?
Walter. I don't want a girl
who isn't smart.
♪ Trevor. you realize it's not about hay
Or if her bra goes with her eyes ♪
I was kidding.
-♪ Stop being polite ♪
-I'm not being polite.
-♪ She's not here to stay ♪
-She's not even naked.
♪ Just while you fantasize ♪
♪ So turn the page. turn the page
To what you wanna see ♪
♪ Till it feels like thunder
If her outfit makes you wonder ♪
♪ Just turn the page. turn the page
Into your fantasy ♪
♪ 'Cause you gotta see what's under
It's all about what's under. underneath ♪
♪ Oh. whoa
Whoa. oh ♪
♪ Oh. whoa ♪
Like inner beauty. you mean?
Not at all. No.
♪ Stop goofing off ♪
♪ Open the prize
In the pages of this magazine ♪
♪ Forget the bras and turn your eyes
Into an X-ray machine ♪
-♪ And turn the page. turn the page ♪
-♪ Turn. turn the page ♪
♪ Till it's not rated PG ♪
♪ It'll blow your mind like thunder
'Cause you found the next world wonder ♪
-♪ Yeah. turn the page. turn the page ♪
-♪ Turn. turn the page ♪
♪ Into your fantasy ♪
♪ 'Cause you gotta see what's under
It's all about what's under. underneath ♪
♪ Oh. whoa
Whoa. oh ♪
♪ Oh. whoa ♪
♪ Bow chicka bow wow ♪
-Knock. knock.
-[both shout]
Mom. saying "knock. knock"
after you walk in isn't actually knocking.
[Walter] Hi. Mrs. Nelson.
What are you guys up to?
-Homework.
-[Walter] Science.
-Science.
-Homework.
[both] Nothing.
Well. I just popped our Swanson dinners
in the oven.
-Pot roast.
-Ah.
-Or potpie.
-[Walter] Oh.
Pot something.
Anyway. they'll be ready
in time for the news.
so finish up what you're doing
and come downstairs.
Yes. ma'am.
♪ All you gotta do is ♪
♪ Turn. turn. turn
Turn. turn. turn. turn ♪
-Whoa. gross!
-What?
The last two pages have underwear
for guys.
and he looks like Pinky Farraday.
Which one?
The one on the tractor.
It's pretty disgusting.
Yuck.
♪ Turn the page. turn the page
Until it's Mrs. Kerr ♪
-♪ Whoa. whoa ♪
-♪ Yes. saying it was all a blunder ♪
♪ 'Cause my audition stunned her ♪
♪ And I bet that's what she's wearing
Underneath ♪
♪ Oh. whoa
Whoa. oh ♪
♪ Oh. whoa ♪
♪ Bow chicka bow wow ♪
♪ Oh. whoa
Whoa. oh ♪
♪ Oh. whoa ♪
♪ It's all about what's under
It's all about what's under. underneath ♪
[bell rings]
♪ Every day is a day
That keeps ticking away ♪
♪ Every day is an echo of yesterday ♪
♪ Every move that we make
From the time we're awake ♪
♪ Is a step we'll be following ♪
-♪ Every day ♪
Frannie. Laugh at me.
What?
Jason's right over there.
and I want him to think I'm funny.
Now!
[laughs]
Oh. my God.
-What's funny?
-Mary.
Something I said. she means.
Oh. I thought you guys were laughing
about Pinky.
No. Why would I laugh about Pinky?
He got paired up with some wimp today
at gym.
Trevor's not a wimp. He's artistic.
-[Jason] Same thing.
-Not really.
I mean. I know Trevor.
He's okay. We went to Carter together.
Right.
Frannie. don't remind people
that you went to Carter.
It's the same thing as telling them
that you live west of Route 9.
What's wrong with living west of Route 9?
-Need I say more?
-[Cathy] No. sorry.
♪ Every day we keep going ♪
♪ On and on and on
Like we know the way ♪
♪ On and on and on ♪
♪ Every day we keep showing ♪
♪ We know just enough
To get through today ♪
♪ On and on and on ♪
♪ Get me through today ♪
♪ Na na na na na na na ♪
♪ Na na na na na na ♪
♪ Get me through today ♪
-Travis. right?
-Actually. it's Trevor.
Which is kind of like Travis.
so I'd understand why you'd--
Um. but it is actually Trevor.
Which is different.
Right.
Now what?
-Coach Gregory said round one's HORSE.
-I thought we were playing basketball.
-Right.
♪ If you miss a shot
Then you get a letter ♪
♪ If you make a shot? ♪
♪ You don't get a letter ♪
♪ So you got a point
Or you got a letter? ♪
♪ No. I made the shot ♪
-♪ I get none ♪
-♪ What's better? ♪
♪ And where's the horse? ♪
♪ The name of the game is HORSE
But you don't want the letter "E" ♪
♪ 'Cause you don't wanna spell it out ♪
♪ Let's play and you'll see ♪
♪ 'Cause the way it goes
The rules aren't a lot ♪
♪ It's hard to get it wrong ♪
♪ You just plant your toes
In at that spot ♪
♪ Make my pose and take the shot ♪
♪ And you play along ♪
♪ Play along
Play along ♪
I'm more of a performer than an athlete.
Oh. come on. [chuckles]
♪ This is barely even sports
You don't even gotta try ♪
♪ 'Cause any real guy
Already knows the way it goes ♪
-♪ You just gotta follow me ♪
-♪ I've gotta follow you ♪
-♪ Just gotta follow me ♪
-♪ Just gotta follow you ♪
-♪ Follow me ♪
-♪ I've gotta follow you ♪
-♪ Follow me and play ♪
-♪ I've gotta play ♪
♪ Ho! ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Hey! Hey! ♪
♪ Ho! ♪
♪ Whoa! ♪
This is hopeless.
If I miss this. I've got HORSE.
And you don't even have "H."
It could be worse.
At least you don't have to dance around
in a pink tutu
on the talent show on Friday.
-That's a talent?
-You sound like my dad.
It's what the eighth-grade team does
every year.
But it's gonna be humiliating.
Wait. Do you need someone to reimagine it?
'Cause I could definitely do that.
And I could direct it and choreograph it.
But. I'd have to be credited
in the program.
as creator and director and choreographer.
♪ See the way it goes ♪
♪ We practice it a lot
Till you can't get it wrong ♪
♪ You just plant your toes
In at that spot ♪
♪ Make my pose and take the shot ♪
♪ And then play along ♪
♪ Play along
Play along ♪
What?
Like. Saturday Night Fever or something?
Right. You could be John Travolta.
Yeah. I don't think so.
[whistle blows]
But you showed me how to play HORSE.
You can do anything.
Not that. No way.
Hey.
Hi.
Um. uh. Trevor! Hey. Trevor.
I wanted to say
that I like that dance you were doing.
I love Saturday Night Fever.
Me too! John Travolta. right?
Yeah. Right!
So. yeah.
-Okay. you're on.
-What?
You can try to--
Whatever you said you were gonna do.
For the talent show?
Yeah! We can figure it out after practice.
See ya there. Trevor.
Yeah. okay!
♪ Play along ♪
-Hey. How was the freak show?
-Huh?
-Trevor.
-Oh.
-He's funny.
-No kidding.
And hey. I figured out how to get us out
of wearing those tutus on Friday.
Come on. man. What's the big deal?
It's what the team always does.
Probably because they never had a way
around it.
What? A way around it?
Trevor. He's gonna teach us something.
Something real so we're not a joke.
[laughs] What?
Um. you're not serious. right?
Frannie Antonicelli saw him dance.
and she said it was cool.
Pinky.
-He's weird.
-No. he's not.
He's just more of a performer
than an athlete.
♪ It's my turn
To see what I can see ♪
-♪ I hope you'll understand ♪
-[lip-synching]
♪ This time's just for me ♪
♪ And now it's my turn
To reach and touch the sky ♪
♪ No one's gonna say ♪
-[Trevor] Mom!
-Knock. knock.
That isn't knocking!
Oh. it looks like
your diary is filling up.
Time for a new one.
It's not a diary.
It's an idea-inspiration journal.
For when I'm inspired by ideas.
Trevor.
is there anything you want to talk about?
Mom. the stuff in here
is a little difficult to explain
if you don't understand
the artistic influences--
No. I mean…
about President Reagan being shot.
She's obsessed.
You know. they say the man that shot him.
he did it to get the attention
of an actress he was infatuated with.
Jodie Foster.
What do you think of that?
That's crazy. She can't even sing.
Hey. Trevor. where'd you put the--
-The what?
-The. uh… science magazine.
Thanks. Mom.
I'll put the rest of this stuff away.
Okay. Then come downstairs.
You can do "science" in the living room.
She's onto us.
Let's just go to the Tastee-Freez.
Cathy's working there
with her mom tonight.
-Maybe she can get us some free stuff.
-I can't.
-I've got rehearsal.
-Huh?
For the talent show.
Wait. you mean Mrs. Kerr
actually let you in?
No.
Pinky Farraday is letting me work
with them.
[laughing] No. he's not.
How about I meet you at the Tastee-Freez
tomorrow after we finish?
Tonight's our first rehearsal.
so I feel like I should stay until--
Wait. so you're being serious?
You're doing the talent show
with Pinky Farraday?
Creating. directing and choreographing.
But I thought they just danced around
in those dumb tutus every year
while everyone laughs at them.
Not anymore.
♪ This won't be the same joke
They've done ten years in a row ♪
♪ I won't go for laughs
Just 'cause it's somewhere safe to go ♪
♪ We've gotta use this moment
To build character and grow ♪
♪ And we've gotta show some talent
'Cause it's called a talent show ♪
Sorry. I don't dance.
♪ Standing still's a habit
That you've gotta learn to break ♪
♪ It comes from overthinking
Every move you ever make ♪
♪ But the music's gonna tell ya
Each and every step to take ♪
♪ It's simple as a piece of pie
And easier than cake ♪
♪ It's just a one. two. three. four
Five. six. seven. eight ♪
♪ Now it should be like nothing
When you do it all again ♪
One. two…
One… t-two. then three. and then…
♪ It's gonna make more sense
With all the costumes and the lights ♪
♪ Your feet will take these wooden floors
On up into new heights ♪
♪ So better keep your eyes up
'Cause that's where I set my sights ♪
♪ And better get accustomed
To a lot of sleepless nights ♪
[whispers] Oh. my God. Okay.
♪ You've gotta one. two. three. four
Five. six. seven. eight ♪
♪ Now don't get too offended when I say
"Not good enough. so try again" ♪
♪ Gotta get it
Don't forget it ♪
♪ Practice in your bed ♪
♪ Once you got it ♪
♪ Start forgetting everything I said
Because you've gotta start to ♪
♪ Start to get it
In your blood instead ♪
♪ Cry it. sweat it
Till you get it ♪
♪ Get what I've got in my head ♪
♪ Cue the lights ♪
♪ It's begun ♪
♪ That's your cue ♪
♪ And start at one and then… ♪
♪ It's just a… ♪
♪ One. two. three. four
Five. six. seven. eight ♪
♪ It's just a one. two. three. four
♪ One through eight again and then ♪
♪ One through eight again and then
One through eight again ♪
♪ And you do it. do it. do it all again ♪
♪ Do it all again ♪
Thank you! No. no. please!
Oh. thank you for the love!
Oh. my goodness!
Trevor.
[panting] Oh. Hi. Frannie Antonicelli.
Hey. Trevor Nelson.
Uh. how's it going? Rehearsals. I mean.
Amazing. It will be. Eventually.
It's amazing in my head.
Oh.
Well. good.
Um. Trevor. has Pinky--
Uh. did he say anything about me
or who he's asking
to the Quality Courts on Thursday?
And if it's me?
Asking to where?
The Quality Courts.
Where the team always goes
the night before the show.
You know. to prove they're men
and not. well…
Not what?
Dancing pansies. is what Mary says.
Men dance.
Gene Kelly. Fred Astaire.
Tommy Tune.
That's just-- That's what Mary said.
I didn't mean to bother you with it.
I just thought if he said anything. then…
Are you taking Cathy?
Do people rehearse monologues there?
Okay. Well. Trevor. I'll see you.
Hey. it's nice what you're doing for them.
With the talent show.
I saw a little of the end.
and it seems really cute.
Cute?
That's what polite moms say
to delusional children.
Diana Ross was not discovered
because someone thought she was cute!
We have to do better.
We have to practice like no one
has ever practiced before.
We have to be…
♪ Do it all again ♪
-[all panting]
-…amazing.
-Just a few things.
-[all groan]
Todd. the ground isn't going anywhere.
Don't be afraid to pick up your feet.
[mouthing] What?
Luke. bend your arm.
Now your leg.
See? Your joints work. Use them.
[all laughing]
Jason. you're a natural.
Everyone should be watching Jason.
-No. I'm not. No. you shouldn't.
-Oh!
[Trevor] Look. I know it's scary.
But just remember how brave Diana Ross was
when she abandoned her signature look
and wore almost no makeup at all.
On the cover of her album diana.
Wait. The album is called Diana?
No. it's called diana.
With a lowercase "d."
What?
I know. She's incredible.
But we should stop for the day
in accordance with our bylaws.
Thanks. everyone.
-and practice. practice. practice.
-[indistinct whispers]
-I'll see you tomorrow.
-It's a mistake.
Oh. except Luke.
We just need a quick minute to go over
your relationship with your cane.
Oh! Someone's in trouble--
Hey. we can't tomorrow. Trevor.
-We gotta go--
-[Jason] Pinky.
You're not gonna tell him
about the Quality Courts are you?
Yeah. We're all supposed to go.
That's the tradition. right?
For the team. Trevor's not one of us.
I mean. what are we even doing?
This is nothing like Saturday Night Fever.
Yeah. Trevor says we can't do Travolta
with an ensemble.
Pinky. every other team
for the last ten years
put on those dumb tutus.
and they all survived.
But no one's ever done… whatever this is.
-He's weird. Pinky.
-He's fine. okay?
Besides what are you worried about?
-You're a natural!
-[all laughing]
No. I'm not.
-You're a natural.
-Stop!
[football player laughing] What?
Think about it.
Hey. uh. Trevor.
You wanna take a walk together?
What? Where?
Home.
-Unless you have somewhere else to--
-No. I mean. yes.
No. But. yes. I-I'll walk with you. Yes.
'Cause. no. So. yes.
Okay.
I thought everyone did
a lot better today. right?
I mean. except Luke.
My God. If he doesn't hurt himself.
it's gonna be someone else.
Maybe we should take his cane away.
How do you think he'd be
with a tambourine?
Trevor. Hey. do you think--
The tambourine was just an idea.
-It seemed less dangerous. but I--
-No. I know. It's not that.
It's just…
Well…
Some of the guys.
they're not so sure
we should do your dance.
[Trevor] Oh.
But my dad says anything's better
than a guy named Pinky in a pink tutu.
But then. why did he--
Oh. Pinky was the nickname
of some baseball player he loved.
He was young and stupid when he had me.
That's another thing he says.
Well. Diana Ross says.
"Instead of looking in the past.
I put myself years ahead
and try to look at what I need to do now
in order to get there then."
Huh?
She's saying you should do what you want.
not what your dad says or Jason.
Because you have to do whatever is going
to get you to your golden dream.
Not anyone else's.
My golden dream?
[Trevor] You know. your life's passion.
Like. what gets you out of bed
in the morning?
My mom.
No. I mean.
what do you imagine yourself being
when you're old. like. in ten years?
-Uh…
-Don't think. Just go.
"In another ten years. I. Pinky Farraday…"
The first thing that comes
into your brain.
♪ In another ten years ♪
♪ I won't be standing here ♪
Great.
♪ In another ten years ♪
♪ I'll be standing in another spot ♪
Okay. More specific.
♪ In another ten years ♪
♪ I'm gonna be somewhere
And I'm gonna get ♪
♪ I'm gonna get a shot ♪
Yes!
♪ 'Cause one of these days ♪
♪ I'll be a star ♪
♪ And people will say
I've got it all ♪
♪ And one of these days ♪
♪ Inside a bar ♪
♪ Oh. I'm gonna get
I'm gonna get some alcohol ♪
♪ One of these days ♪
-Wait. Alcohol?
-Yeah.
Like I said. I'm gonna get a shot.
Probably tequila.
Sorry. I was unclear.
I don't just mean
what you'll be able to do.
I mean something more like…
♪ In another ten years
I'll still be looking back ♪
♪ At the talent show
That made my golden dream come true ♪
It did?
♪ And in another ten years ♪
♪ I'm gonna show them all ♪
♪ I can do stuff no one thought I'd do ♪
Yes!
♪ 'Cause one of these days ♪
♪ I'll reach the top ♪
♪ And if there's more
Then I'll reach that too ♪
♪ Yeah. one of these days ♪
♪ Their jaws will drop ♪
♪ When they all see
They're gonna see my rad tattoo ♪
-♪ One of these days ♪
-A tattoo?
Yeah. My dad will freak out.
but that won't matter anymore.
Okay. Rad.
♪ But a decade's too big
To be thinking small ♪
♪ A decade's forever
And that's how far you gotta see ♪
♪ A decade and I could be having it all ♪
♪ With Frannie right there next to me ♪
Frannie Antonicelli?
Yes! I get it now.
The way I feel about Frannie.
that's how you feel
about this talent show.
I don't know about that.
Frannie's just a girl. and the show is--
Just a girl? She's everything you said.
She makes me excited
to get up in the morning.
She even makes me excited
to go to school. you know?
Come on. There's gotta be someone
like that for you too.
Who you can't stop thinking
about being with someday.
-Uh…
-Don't think.
Just go. The first thing
that comes to your brain.
♪ In another ten years ♪
♪ I'll be with someone ♪
♪ It will be someone really great ♪
More specific.
♪ In another ten years ♪
♪ I'll find someone more
Than my fantasies create ♪
Better.
♪ And one of these days ♪
♪ She'll make my day so much better ♪
♪ Than any I've had yet ♪
♪ 'Cause one of these days ♪
♪ She'll learn the way to join me
In singing a great duet ♪
♪ One of these-- ♪
-Wait. What?
-A duet.
You know. a song we sing together.
-With harmonies.
-And that's what you want to do with her?
Uh. well. and…
I'd get her
this weirdly elaborate underwear.
from this magazine I totally looked at.
Okay. That could work. I guess.
Hey. Trevor.
I'll tell the guys we have to try harder
at your dance.
-Really?
-[Pinky] Yeah.
Let's do something
we can be proud of in ten years.
Without tutus.
Pinky.
-She likes you too.
-Huh?
Frannie Antonicelli.
She wants you to ask her to go to the--
Something Courts with her tomorrow.
-The Quality Courts?
-That's it.
Seriously? No way!
This is amazing! Tell her yes.
-Me?
-No. I have to ask her. right?
-I think so. Unless you don't want to.
-I'll call her.
-Or if you want to think about it more.
-Who are you bringing?
-Me?
-Yeah.
Everyone on the team has to go.
It's tradition.
The team?
Oh.
Right. Of course.
I'll be there. With someone.
♪ 'Cause one of these days ♪
♪ It's crystal clear ♪
♪ She's gonna see ♪
♪ Totally see we're meant to be ♪
You're the best. Trevor.
Hey.
You're still waiting for Trevor?
Nope. Here. want a melted sundae?
Walter. you know he's super busy…
for his golden dream.
Yeah. but--
I mean. aren't you a little worried about.
you know. those people
and Trevor together?
You mean that Frannie's gonna like him?
I-I know. But you don't think
he'll like her back. do you?
I mean. I've watched every Tony Awards
with him since 1976.
[laughing] What?
Uh. no. I don't think that'll happen.
I don't think that at all.
But Frannie is like
strawberry Bubblicious.
Huh?
Like…
It doesn't matter what other type
of bubble gum is in the room
if strawberry Bubblicious is around.
You know?
[sighs]
I haven't had gum in a really long time.
Nineteen months and 23 days.
What?
Oh. uh. since you got your braces on.
Okay.
W-Well. no.
I just always remember
'cause that's the day I started--
Well. growing out my mustache and beard.
-See?
-Yeah.
Well. I wouldn't worry. Walter.
There must be a logical explanation.
Testosterone?
No. I mean for Trevor.
Trevor?
Logical?
♪ He's been lost in make-believe
Since the day we met ♪
♪ So anything but logical
Is probably our best bet ♪
♪ But meeting you is something
Trevor never would forget ♪
♪ What if he's with Frannie
And we just don't know it yet? ♪
♪ This is weird ♪
♪ Maybe we should try to find him ♪
♪ Yeah. it's weird ♪
♪ Like our friendship's all behind him
So he made a fool of me ♪
♪ You know Trevor wouldn't do that ♪
♪ When he gets here then you'll see ♪
♪ Something's weird ♪
[phone ringing]
Hello. Mary. it's Frannie. Guess what?
You'll never guess. Try. You won't.
Pinky asked you to go
to the Quality Courts with him tomorrow?
How did you know?
And why do I feel sick?
Don't worry. It's just a place.
Kissing is the same there
as it is… anywhere.
Kissing?
Yeah.
What were you planning to do?
I don't know. I just wanted him to ask me.
Can't we just talk?
Frannie. it's Pinky Farraday.
I mean. he could have his pick.
And Lindsay's been after him too.
you know.
and she knows how
to do way more than talk.
-But I--
-Frannie.
♪ I've been doing everything
I can to help you fit ♪
♪ But I can't help your past
When you're not over it ♪
♪ Stop acting like a weirdo
And grow up somehow ♪
♪ 'Cause everything is different ♪
♪ Everything is changing ♪
♪ Everything is different now ♪
♪ Wasn't it just yesterday
When he was singing movie scenes ♪
♪ Instead of hiding magazines ♪
♪ With men on farms
In nothing but their underwear ♪
♪ And who farms in their underwear? ♪
♪ And why would Trevor even care? ♪
♪ And wasn't it just yesterday
When I was simply unaware ♪
♪ That this was ever even there? ♪
-What was where?
-Nothing. Where? This? Nothing.
What? You're looking at this?
In the middle of the living room?
It was under Trevor's mattress.
But this is a man. In his underwear.
On a tractor.
Well. you should probably
talk to him about it.
Me?
You're the one who lets him keep a diary
and act like Diana Ross.
Well. you never showed him
how to throw a ball.
-Really?
-Yeah.
And it's not a diary. it's a…
Um.
Oh. fine. I'll deal with it.
No. Wait. You're right. I should do it.
♪ You'll go back to yesterday
Acting like he's still a kid ♪
♪ Excusing everything he did ♪
♪ But that won't work
We can't ignore it now or wait ♪
[sighs]
♪ You've done all a mother can
But now it's gonna take a man ♪
♪ I'll talk to him
And set things straight ♪
-♪ Wasn't it just yesterday ♪
-♪ I'll set it straight ♪
-♪ This is weird. weird ♪
-♪ Yesterday ♪
-♪ It's gonna take a man ♪
-♪ Everything is changing ♪
-♪ Yesterday ♪
-♪ Everything is different. everything ♪
-♪ I'll set things straight ♪
-♪ Yesterday ♪
♪ Everything is different ♪
-♪ It's so weird ♪
-♪ Everything is changing ♪
-♪ Yesterday is over ♪
-♪ Everything is different ♪
♪ Everything is weird ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ One of these days ♪
[humming]
I'd like to thank everyone involved
in the Lakeview Junior High
17th Annual Celebration of Talent
for declaring our routine
the best directed. choreographed
and reimagined routine
in the history of the show.
♪ One of these days ♪
[humming]
And I'd like to thank Pinky Farraday.
Pinky. remember the day
we walked home together
and both realized how special
this performance was going to be?
And you hugged me?
Also. thanks Bob Fosse. Michael Bennett
and Debbie Allen for inspiring me.
Also. Pinky. do you hug people a lot?
I mean. whatever. I just wondered.
'Cause it felt like… I don't know.
I just wish I'd hugged you back. you know?
'Cause I thought.
"Oh. you're gonna shake my hand."
But then you were like…
-♪ Turn. turn. turn ♪
-And I was like…
-And we were like…
♪ Turn. turn. turn ♪
♪ Turn the page. turn the page
Into your fantasy ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
-♪ Turn the page. turn the page ♪
-♪ 'Cause you gotta see what's under ♪
♪ Turn the page. turn the page ♪
♪ Turn. turn. turn
Turn. turn. turn. turn ♪
♪ Turn. turn. turn. turn ♪
♪ Upside down ♪
♪ Boy. you turn me
Inside out ♪
♪ And round and round ♪
♪ I know you got charm and appeal
You always play the field ♪
♪ I'm crazy to think you're all mine ♪
♪ As long as the sun continues to shine ♪
♪ There's a place in my heart for you
That's the bottom line ♪
♪ Upside down ♪
-♪ Boy. you turn me ♪
-♪ Inside out ♪
♪ Whoo! ♪
♪ Round and round ♪
♪ Upside down. you're turning me ♪
♪ You're giving love instinctively ♪
♪ Around and round you're turning me ♪
Stop!
♪ That was weird ♪
♪ Did everybody see that?
It was weird ♪
♪ Like. why would I even dream that
And what could it even mean? ♪
♪ Something's got my brain all mixed-up
From that stupid magazine ♪
-Knock. knock.
-Something's-- Not a knock!
Trevor. Hey. Look.
I need to…
It's time we…
[no audible dialogue]
Your mother was cleaning
around the house today.
All over. The kitchen. the bathroom.
our bedroom. the living room…
the front steps…
the other bathroom…
[sighs]
…the linen closet…
Trevor. are you talking to any girls
at school?
What do you mean?
Anyone special?
Special. how?
Girls.
What your father means to say is.
sometimes around your age
things get confusing
and. well. maybe you look
at farming magazines that are a little--
Farming magazines?
Someone needs to learn to knock.
Please don't tell my mom.
-[Dad] Your mom?
-About the magazine.
She gets 'em in the mail. and we just--
We thought it was funny.
-That's all. I swear.
-I swear too.
You mean. it wasn't Trevor's?
Oh. so. they were your mother's magazines.
not Trevor's?
So. he didn't-- Wait. You mean?
[both] Peggy?
[laughs]
Well. that's a little funny. I suppose.
A little bit. Maybe.
[both laughing]
-No. It's not. Yes.
-Very immature. No. So…
-[Mom] It's not a joke. Mm-hmm.
-[Dad] Yes.
-I think we're good here. Good.
-Yeah. Good.
Well. Trevor. first you ditch me.
now you're gonna get me grounded
for the rest of my life.
Walter. I'm sorry.
There's just a lot on my mind. Like…
Have you heard of the Quality Courts?
You mean the hotel
they've been building forever on Route 9?
There's a spot
behind the construction zone
where people go make out.
I know things.
Cathy! You're a girl!
Thanks.
What are you talking about?
Do you wanna go there? With me?
-What?
-[Walter] What?
-No. No!
-Yes. yes. yes!
Oh. I'll go! I'll go.
♪ This is gonna be awesome ♪
♪ This is gonna make everything okay ♪
♪ This is totally screwed up ♪
♪ I can't believe
This is happening today ♪
The Quality Courts
is a pretty bizarre place.
I mean. yes. it would be an incredible
place to stage West Side Story.
But. aside from that. I'm not really sure
why anyone would find it romantic.
What are you doing?
I've gotta take out my rubber bands.
Right.
♪ This is gonna be easy ♪
♪ This is gonna be too good to forget ♪
♪ This is gonna be nothing ♪
♪ Can't believe we haven't started yet ♪
-[Pinky] What's wrong?
-Nothing.
I guess I just thought
it would be a little
more romantic here and less dirty.
What do you mean? If--
From here we can see the water tower.
and we can sit on these cinder blocks
which is way better than the ground.
♪ This is really romantic ♪
♪ This is gonna be really. really nice ♪
♪ This is gonna be sexy ♪
♪ And I bet that we're gonna do it twice ♪
-Twice?
-[Frannie] Twice?
Yeah. right after we do it once.
♪ I can't wait. can't wait
I can't wait for us to start ♪
♪ But I'm scared I'll be a monster
Once I finally get the bait ♪
♪ 'Cause I can't wait ♪
♪ Can't wait
I can't wait for that one part ♪
♪ It's right around the corner
It's right around the corner ♪
♪ And I
I can't wait ♪
[clicks tongue]
What are they doing here?
Trevor's still trying to prove
he's not a freak. and Pinky's buying it.
That's so funny.
Wait. Are you. like. jealous?
What? No. it's just-- You wouldn't get it.
Calm down. Jason. What's the big deal?
All we have to do is show Pinky
that Trevor's a freak by tomorrow. Right?
You could do that?
♪ This is gonna be easy ♪
♪ This is gonna be-- ♪
♪ Wait a second. please ♪
♪ This should go like a romance ♪
♪ This is gonna be gone
Like it's a breeze ♪
♪ And I can't wait ♪
♪ Can't wait. I can't wait
Till this is through ♪
♪ I just mean this stupid part
Where we anticipate ♪
-♪ 'Cause I can't stand ♪
-♪ Can't stand ♪
♪ I can't stand not kissing you ♪
♪ It's gonna be like everything ♪
♪ And I… ♪
♪ My heart is in my ears
And I hear my blood flowing ♪
♪ Maybe all I need is you
To get me going ♪
♪ Maybe I'll be different
Once we make it through this ♪
♪ So take a good. deep breath
And then we'll do this ♪
♪ Let's get to this ♪
-♪ Ah. ah ♪
-♪ Ah ♪
-♪ Can't wait. ah ♪
-♪ Ah. ah ♪
-♪ Ah ♪
♪ There's a pimple under my nose ♪
♪ Every second that goes
It keeps on growing ♪
♪ Check me out in all of these poses ♪
♪ Are we really gonna keep going? ♪
♪ Make a move fast
Or else it's like. "See ya" ♪
♪ That's where Tony
Would first see Maria ♪
♪ Time is short
Now it's getting urgent ♪
♪ You smell like my grandma's
Laundry detergent ♪
♪ Can't wait ♪
It's Woolite.
Gentle cycle.
♪ And I can't wait ♪
♪ Can't wait
Can't wait to make this real ♪
♪ I'm ready to get moving
From this endless limbo state ♪
♪ And I can't wait
I can't wait to feel ♪
♪ It's gonna be like I don't know ♪
♪ And I… ♪
-♪ Ah. ah. ah. ah ♪
-♪ Ah. ah. ah ♪
-♪ I can't wait ♪
-♪ Ah ♪
-♪ Ah. ah. ah ♪
-♪ Ah. ah ♪
-♪ I can't. ah ♪
-♪ Ah ♪
-♪ Ah. ah ♪
-♪ I… ♪
-[police siren wails]
Run!
♪ Oh. wait ♪
♪ Oh
Oh. oh ♪
♪ Wait ♪
[police siren continues]
-What happens if they catch us?
-I've never been caught.
So. how do we get away?
I've never gotten away either.
-You mean you've never--
-Shh!
Okay. We should be safe back here.
They're just driving
through the main lot now.
Hey. how'd it go with Cathy?
Huh?
Oh. great. Yeah. Really. really great.
How about Frannie?
She was pretty nervous.
Cathy wasn't nervous. Not at all.
I don't get it.
I thought Frannie liked me.
but it was like she was scared of me.
You can be a little scary sometimes.
What do you mean?
Something about your eyes
or the way you talk.
I can't really explain it.
But I'm sure she wanted to…
You know.
Yeah. well. I don't really know
if I want to anymore.
Why not?
I don't know. I guess there's someone
who's sorta changing my mind.
Really? Who?
It's embarrassing.
-I don't think they feel the same.
-Yes. they do.
I mean. of course they do.
Why wouldn't they?
Easy for you to say. You've got Cathy.
No. I like someone else too. Someone who…
I can't say either.
That makes two of us then.
Yeah.
Pinky. why are you so nice to me?
It's just-- You don't have to be.
but you are.
I don't know.
♪ It's sort of hard to explain ♪
♪ You're not like anyone else I know ♪
♪ It's like ♪
♪ You're like ♪
♪ I don't know ♪
♪ But not afraid just to let it show ♪
♪ And I could never do that ♪
♪ With everyone always telling me ♪
♪ Who I should be ♪
♪ But when I'm talking to you
I'm never thinking of that stuff ♪
♪ It's like
I'm like ♪
♪ I don't know ♪
♪ But somehow I'm always good enough ♪
♪ 'Cause even when I sound dumb
Or I don't play along ♪
♪ You look at me
And it's like you see ♪
♪ Who I should be ♪
♪ And I don't know who that is yet ♪
♪ I didn't know I could even know ♪
♪ I thought the only place I'd get
Was nowhere ♪
♪ Like my dad said I'd go ♪
♪ But thanks to you ♪
♪ Now I know if I look ten years ahead ♪
♪ And I start getting there now ♪
♪ I could go somewhere instead ♪
♪ Somehow ♪
Actually. it was more Diana Ross
who said that.
-Right.
-Sorry.
I just can't take credit
for her amazingness.
Well. I guess what I'm trying
to say then is. "Thanks. Diana Ross."
I know. right?
Pinky. can I tell you something?
Oh. hey. I think they're gone.
I should probably go find Frannie.
Yeah. me too.
But. Cathy.
What were you gonna say?
Oh.
I was gonna say. just…
-break a leg.
-Huh?
Tomorrow. At the talent show.
Good luck is bad luck in theater.
so break a leg.
Thanks.
Hey. Trevor. Break a leg too. okay?
[laughs] Yeah. okay.
I will!
♪ It's sort of hard to explain ♪
♪ I've never felt like this before ♪
♪ It's like ♪
♪ I'm like ♪
♪ I don't know ♪
♪ But I just wanna know even more ♪
♪ I play it over again
And again and again ♪
♪ And for a second. it's like I see ♪
♪ Who I should be ♪
[Diana] ♪ Once we were standing still
In time ♪
♪ Chasin' the fantasies
That filled our minds ♪
♪ And you knew how I loved you
But my spirit was free ♪
♪ Laughin' at the questions
That you once asked of me ♪
♪ Do you know? ♪
♪ I don't know. I don't know
How to say what I know ♪
♪ But I think now I know
You are thinking it too ♪
♪ And I don't know. I don't know
Why I thought all along ♪
♪ I was feeling wrong
For just feeling true ♪
♪ It's like everything turned upside down
And finally right ♪
♪ And daylight doesn't mean a thing
'Cause everything's bright ♪
♪ And I don't have the room
For all I'm feeling right now ♪
♪ I wish that I could find the way
To tell you ♪
♪ I've gotta tell you
Can't wait to tell you somehow ♪
Hey. you and Cathy
have a nice time last night?
Walter. I'm sorta busy right now
with something a little more serious--
Something serious? Really?
You mean like living
in a daydream all week?
Or obsessing over this talent show?
Or like writing Pinky's name
all over your diary?
It's not a diary.
Walter. just because you're jealous--
Jealous? Of Pinky?
-Have you completely lost it?
-I can't right now.
-It's a really important day and--
-No. it's not!
It's the Lakeview talent show. Who cares?
What do you think is gonna happen?
You're not even in the show.
I am in the show.
It's my vision. and once people see
what I did. they'll all know.
-Know what?
-That I'm worth something!
Even though I don't have muscles
or play football or go on dates!
That I'm more than someone
who sits around this stupid town doing
nothing but weird science experiments!
-Trevor--
-Hey.
-Is that Trevor's?
-Um… [stammers]
[Mary chuckles] You're his friend. right?
I don't know about that anymore.
True. Trevor's friends
with Pinky Farraday now.
I guess he just can't be hanging around
with anyone who's so weird.
-Me?
-That's what Trevor told Pinky.
Right?
What? But I'm not the one who--
I mean. talk about weird.
-What do you mean?
-Well. he…
Um… [sighs]
-[sighs]
-Frannie.
Walter. um. he went to the Quality Courts
with Cathy.
He's not being a good friend.
You found it in his chair if anyone asks.
[sighs]
Nicely done.
What are you gonna do?
Let's see.
Stupid. Boring. So sad.
Oh. my God. Wait.
[gasps] Jason was right. Look.
"Pinky. Pinky. Pinky."
[sighs]
♪ "I don't know. I don't know
If my heart is to blame ♪
♪ When I'm writing your name
On the page next to mine ♪
♪ And I don't know. I don't know
How your eyes are so blue ♪
[Mary inaudible]
♪ And if it's me or you
Who's making them shine ♪
♪ It's like everything turned upside down
And finally right ♪
♪ And daylight doesn't mean a thing
'Cause everything's bright ♪
♪ And I don't have the room
For all I'm feeling right now ♪
♪ I wish that I could find the way
To tell you ♪
♪ I gotta tell you
Can't wait to tell you somehow" ♪
[giggling]
♪ I wanna go where you're going
Wherever you are ♪
♪ I wanna be where you're standing
No matter how far ♪
♪ I'm lost for words for explaining
They may never be found ♪
[giggling]
♪ It's beyond anything
I can say with a sound ♪
♪ It's like… ♪
♪ Oh. oh ♪
-♪ Oh. oh ♪
-♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ I'm like… ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ And you're like… ♪
♪ Oh. oh ♪
-♪ Oh. oh ♪
-♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ And we're like… ♪
-♪ Oh. oh ♪
-♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Ah. ah ♪
-♪ This is weird ♪
-♪ Way too weird ♪
♪ Even weirder than it could be ♪
-♪ Jackpot weird ♪
-♪ Super weird ♪
♪ So let's get it where it should be
Jason needs this yesterday ♪
♪ 'Cause the second Pinky sees it
There's no way he cannot say ♪
♪ Trevor's weird ♪
-♪ Weird. weird. weird ♪
-♪ Trevor's weird. Trevor's weird ♪
♪ Now he's totally caught
This is better than I thought ♪
♪ He's been making us look stupid
But that isn't lasting long ♪
♪ All it takes is a glance
And he doesn't stand a chance ♪
♪ The second Pinky realizes
Something's really wrong ♪
♪ Always knew I was right
But now it's there in black-and-white ♪
♪ And anyone can see he's acting ♪
-♪ Anyone can see he's acting ♪
-♪ Oh ♪
♪ Like I said he's acting ♪
-♪ Like a girl ♪
-♪ Like a girl. like a girl ♪
-♪ Like a girl. just like a girl ♪
♪ Like a… ♪ [humming]
♪ Like I told you all along ♪
♪ One of these days is here today ♪
♪ My golden dream is coming true ♪
♪ And after this show
I'll break away ♪
♪ Just like Diana said I'd do ♪
♪ And I'll be on and on and on and on ♪
-♪ And on. on. on ♪
-♪ Na na na na ♪
-♪ On and on and on. on. on ♪
-[background] ♪ Na na na na na ♪
♪ And on with the show ♪
Oh.
Too bad.
But let's give a big hand
for Lindsay Gibbons and her Rubik's Cube.
-[applause]
-Yeah. There you go. Aw.
Aw.
I really thought she was gonna solve it.
Okay. as you all know.
it's a Lakeview tradition
that our eighth grade football team
closes the show.
But instead of the hilarious pink tutus
we've all come to know and love.
they'll be doing something else.
Yes.
But first. Jason has asked me
to ask Trevor to say a few words.
So come on up. Trevor.
Well. first. I'd like to thank you
for being here tonight.
Thank you for the love and for making this
a really special evening for me.
But thank you most of all
to Pinky Farraday
for making this all possible.
I think it's safe to say
this will be like nothing
Lakeview Junior High has ever seen before.
♪ Cue the lights ♪
♪ It's begun ♪
♪ That's your cue
And start at one and then… ♪
-♪ One. two. three. four ♪
-[laughing]
[Trevor] What? Wait! No!
♪ Five. six. seven. eight ♪
[Trevor] No!
♪ One. two. three. four
Five. six. seven. eight ♪
♪ I don't know. I don't know ♪
Stop!
[panting]
♪ Diana says I can't lay down and die
'Cause my golden dream is up to me ♪
♪ It's up to me ♪
♪ Diana says a valley
Is there for getting through ♪
♪ Diana says
Diana says ♪
♪ I don't know. I don't know ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Oh. oh. I don't know
I don't ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Oh. oh. I don't know
I don't ♪
♪ I don't know. I don't ♪
♪ Do you know
Where you're going to? ♪
♪ I don't know ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Oh ♪
Yesterday was the worst day
in the history of time.
♪ Your life is over ♪
♪ How can you ever show your face again
At Lakeview Junior High? ♪
♪ Your life is over ♪
♪ I just keep on reliving it
And then I wanna die ♪
[singers continue vocalizing]
Trevor. I'm sorry that Pinky didn't do
your dance yesterday.
While everyone watched.
And after you worked so hard on it.
all week.
'Cause if everyone had just seen it.
it would've made everything happen
for you.
But instead…
♪ Your life is over ♪
♪ Your golden dream was coming true
But now the dream is dead ♪
♪ Your life is over ♪
♪ Why can't it be yesterday
So I could have said… ♪
Trevor. if I could tell you one thing.
it would be how much
Pinky regretted everything
the second he saw your face.
And how he ran after you.
But you were gone
by the time he got through everyone.
And. how he shouted
at the top of his lungs.
♪ My life is over ♪
♪ A world without you in the world
Is no world anymore ♪
♪ My life is over ♪
Knock. knock.
♪ Saying "knock. knock"
Isn't really knocking on the door ♪
Trevor. why are you burning candles
in here?
Ambience. which you're ruining.
What's this all about. dear?
It's just…
Pinky did something.
Or didn't do something.
Pinky?
That boy from school?
He's more than just that.
[stammers] Trevor--
No burning candles in the bedroom. okay?
♪ It's a tragedy
What a tragedy ♪
♪ How could life do such a thing to me? ♪
♪ Like an open wound
All full of salt ♪
♪ How can I get through
Living in a world without you? ♪
-♪ And it's all my fault. all my fault ♪
-♪ It's all my fault. my fault ♪
-♪ It's all my fault. all my fault ♪
-♪ It's all my fault. it's all my fault ♪
-♪ All my fault ♪
-♪ It is all my fault ♪
♪ All my fault ♪
♪ Your life is over ♪
♪ And what the future could've been
Is everybody's loss ♪
♪ Your life is over ♪
♪ Just in time for this appearance
From Diana Ross ♪
Ooh.
My dearest Trevor. my greatest fan.
I was so saddened to hear how you perished
of complete humiliation
at the Lakeview Junior High
17th Annual Celebration of Talent.
[singers vocalizing]
I was nearly too consumed by grief
to be here today.
But no.
For there's no mountain so high.
no river so wide.
and no valley so low
it could keep me away.
Because I know your pain. Trevor.
After I left The Supremes.
people said I was wrong. and over.
-No!
Mmm.
But Trevor. no matter how humiliated.
abandoned or confused you may be.
you must get up.
-Because love…
-♪ Love! ♪
…is still alive.
Love…
♪ Love! ♪
…is not defeated. And love…
♪ And love ♪
…is always worth the fight.
And you know what I say. Trevor?
♪ Ain't no mountain high enough ♪
♪ Ain't no valley low enough ♪
♪ Ain't no river wide enough ♪
♪ To keep me from you ♪
♪ Ain't no mountain high enough ♪
♪ Nothing can keep me
Keep me from you ♪
Diana's right. Pinky wouldn't do this.
There's gotta be a logical explanation.
If you need me. call me.
Hello. Mrs. Farraday.
this is Trevor for Pinky.
No matter where you are.
no matter how far.
-Trevor.
-Just call my name.
Trevor Nelson.
Oh. Well. can you just tell him.
-I know he can't be to blame…
-[vocalizing]
…for what happened at the show.
and that it hasn't changed anything
between us.
-And-- Mom?
-Trevor.
-Where are you?
-On the living room phone.
Mrs. Farraday. I am so sorry.
Trevor. please hang up.
Mrs. Farraday. just tell Pinky
I'll be there in 15 minutes.
[students] ♪ No wind ♪
-This is even better.
-♪ No rain ♪
-Once I talk to Pinky face-to-face…
-♪ Can't stop me. baby ♪
-…it'll all be okay.
-♪ If you're my goal ♪
I know it!
♪ Ain't no mountain high enough ♪
♪ Nothing can keep me
Keep me from you ♪
♪ Ain't no mountain high enough
Ain't no valley low enough ♪
♪ Ain't no river wide enough
To keep me from you ♪
♪ Ain't no mountain high enough
Ain't no valley low enough ♪
♪ Ain't no river wide enough
To keep me from you ♪
♪ Ain't no mountain high enough
Ain't no valley low enough ♪
♪ Ain't no river wide enough
To keep me from you ♪
♪ Ain't no mountain high enough ♪
♪ Ain't no mountain high enough
Ain't no valley low enough ♪
♪ Ain't no river wide enough
To keep me from you ♪
♪ Ain't no mountain high… ♪
Trevor. you remember Father Joe
from church?
Every Sunday.
-Uh…
-Of course you do.
Trevor. Father Joe is gonna take you
over to the Tastee-Freez
because. well. we thought it might be good
for the two of you to just. you know.
talk about some things.
-But I really need to talk to--
-No buts.
Now. don't order anything too extravagant
or too sweet.
Or too salty.
[Father Joe sighs]
How is your water?
Warm.
You could've gotten ice cream. you know?
Or at least ice.
It's not a sin.
Trevor. you know. someday you'll look back
and be amazed by how much you've changed.
And the whole world too.
You won't even recognize yourself.
And you'll understand
how your parents feel right now.
because. well.
I know that you'll have kids of your own.
-And--
-How?
Well. Trevor.
What happens is. first a man and a woman.
who are very much in love. get married--
No. I mean…
how do you know I'll have kids of my own?
Of course you will.
You don't.
I've sworn a vow of celibacy.
Do you know what celibacy is?
It means abstinence from marriage
and sexual relations.
Do you understand what that is?
It wasn't until that moment…
and halfway through
my saliva-warm holy water.
that I realized the purpose
of this miserable setup
between my mom and Father Joe.
Trevor. did you ever have any desires.
and I'm talking about sexual desires.
for another boy?
Be honest with me.
I can help you if you're honest with me.
Did you ever. for example.
ever want to touch another boy?
Like. and I don't mean
to suggest anything here.
but like Pinky Farraday.
What?
No. he's just…
He's the kind of person that makes me
and everyone feel. you know. really…
happy.
So happy that you think about him
all the time.
Like. an older brother you never had.
And you write about him in your notebook
because he makes you so happy
that you can't keep it inside.
And you just want to be sure
it's going to be like this forever.
That happens with friends sometimes.
Right?
Well. Trevor.
friends are people who make us happy. yes.
But. just in our hearts.
And not. well.
in certain other places.
Because if anyone's
making you happy there.
well. then that's not happy like a friend.
But. if it's anywhere else then.
well. yes. That's a friend.
Probably.
But if not…
No.
Make sense?
[clears throat] Yes.
Definitely.
Thank you.
[sighs]
♪ That was weird ♪
♪ In every way it could be
Really weird ♪
♪ Like I'm not who I should be ♪
♪ But the more I play along ♪
♪ The more somebody's telling me
I'm doing something wrong ♪
♪ Something weird… ♪
Trevor!
Are you okay?
Did you want a milkshake?
It was a mistake. so it's free. [chuckles]
No. thanks.
I couldn't find you
after the show yesterday.
-I looked everywhere.
-I left.
Right away.
Yeah. I guess it was pretty…
Um. but probably not as bad
as you thought it was.
I bet most people don't even believe it.
[chuckles]
Believe what?
Um… Um. nothing. Never mind.
Cathy?
[sighs] It's so stupid.
I mean. like. so what if you like
dancing and singing and Diana Ross?
It doesn't mean that…
you're what people are saying. [chuckles]
What are people saying?
[grunts]
[inaudible]
Who said that?
I heard Lindsay saying it to Mandi.
But they're wrong!
We can prove it.
What do you mean?
We can…
finish what we started
at the Quality Courts.
Uh. but we're in the parking lot.
There's people around.
Exactly. So by Monday.
all they'll be talking about is you
and me…
♪ And our strawberry milkshake
Just one strawberry milkshake ♪
♪ That we sipped
Out of two different straws ♪
-What are you talking about?
-Us.
♪ Together ♪
♪ Right here out in the open ♪
♪ In the middle of public ♪
♪ And probably breaking some laws ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
Great! Now you can tell everyone
that we kissed!
We nothing. You turned on purpose.
Cathy. I can't get to semantics.
-I have to find Pinky and make sure--
-Pinky?
[panting] Pinky!
♪ What's wrong with me? ♪
♪ Why can't I be anyone to you?
What do you always see? ♪
♪ I've been sending signals
Loud and strong ♪
♪ So tell me. what is wrong with me? ♪
♪ I've been trying
Everything I can think of ♪
♪ Anything I can think of ♪
♪ To make us more than just friends ♪
♪ You invite me
To a place for French kissing ♪
♪ And we're almost French kissing ♪
♪ And then suddenly that's where it ends ♪
♪ What's wrong with me? ♪
♪ I wanna be ♪
♪ Together like the couples I see on TV ♪
♪ But you would trade me
For a song ♪
♪ So tell me. what is wrong with me? ♪
♪ I said that everyone was crazy
When they said I was crazy ♪
♪ For saying you're totally not ♪
♪ I kept on giving you defenses
When you went out of style ♪
-♪ And nothing is all that I got ♪
-Whoa. whoa. whoa.
♪ Nothing is all that I got ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Yeah. nothing is all that I got ♪
♪ What's wrong with me?
I never knew ♪
♪ The problem's always been
I never had a clue ♪
♪ When the real question all along is
Trevor. what is wrong with you? ♪
♪ What's wrong with you? ♪
-♪ What's wrong. what's wrong? ♪
-♪ What is wrong with you? ♪
♪ What is wrong with you? ♪
-♪ Oh ♪
-♪ What is wrong? ♪
♪ What is wrong with you? ♪
-♪ Tell me. Trevor ♪
-♪ What is wrong with you? ♪
♪ What is wrong with you? ♪
-♪ Oh ♪
-♪ What is wrong with you? ♪
♪ Come on. tell me
Come on. tell me ♪
What is wrong with you? ♪
♪ Come on. tell me
Come on. tell me ♪
♪ What is wrong
What is wrong ♪
♪ What is wrong with you? ♪
[panting]
[Cathy sobs]
Trevor?
-What are you doing at my house?
-Pinky.
I thought…
'Cause I know you wouldn't--
I mean. it can't be your fault.
What happened at the show. right?
-You need to go.
-But--
-Bye. Trevor.
-Wait!
You said you liked someone
who you couldn't say.
What?
At the Quality Courts.
Why couldn't you say who it was?
Mary is Frannie's best friend.
-Mary?
-Yes.
Did you actually think…
I mean.
how could you even write that stuff?
What stuff?
About me. In your notebook?
-My notebook. But how did you--
-Everyone saw it.
What?
-Are you even living in the real world?
-Pinky. it was just--
-I was only--
-What is wrong with you?
Everyone at school is saying
that I'm a gay.
But I look in the mirror.
and I don't see anything different.
So. maybe…
There's these doctors I heard about.
They use electricity on people's brains
to completely reset them back to normal.
I think it could work on me too.
[Diana] ♪ Bye. baby
See you around ♪
♪ Didn't I tell you
I wouldn't hold you down? ♪
♪ Take good care of yourself. you hear? ♪
♪ Don't let me hear
About you shedding a tear ♪
[electricity buzzes]
♪ You're gonna make it ♪
♪ Remember me as a sunny day ♪
♪ That you once had
Along the way ♪
♪ Didn't I inspire you a little higher? ♪
[students]
♪ Remember me as a funny clown ♪
♪ As a funny clown ♪
♪ That made you laugh
When you were down ♪
♪ Didn't I. boy?
Didn't I. boy? ♪
♪ Remember me as a big balloon ♪
♪ At a carnival that ended too soon ♪
♪ Remember me as a breath of spring ♪
♪ Remember me as a good thing ♪
♪ Oh. oh ♪
♪ Remember me as a sunny day ♪
♪ Please. darling ♪
[students] ♪ Remember me as a good thing ♪
♪ Remember me when you drink the wine ♪
♪ Oh. yeah ♪
[students] ♪ Remember me as a good thing ♪
♪ Baby. oh. yeah ♪
[all] ♪ Remember me as a big balloon ♪
[Diana] ♪ Don't forget me. darlin' ♪
[students] ♪ Remember me as a good thing ♪
♪ Remember me as a good thing ♪
♪ Remember me as a-- ♪
[slam]
Trevor.
Hey.
[sighs]
What happened to your posters?
I'm living in the real world now.
Oh.
Well…
Good.
[sighs]
Hey.
I know that tomorrow's your first time
back at school since that show on Friday.
and I thought. if you wanted to.
we could talk.
-I know you have that report to give--
-Dad.
It's all under control.
Oh.
Okay.
You and Walter working on another…
science project?
Sort of.
I mean.
I am.
Good.
Well. I hope it works out.
Yeah.
Me too.
♪ Every day keeps on going ♪
♪ On and on and on ♪
Hey!
Did Trevor actually come to school today?
I don't know. Who cares?
Pinky. if he's here
we have to do something about it.
-We can't just let him walk around like--
-[sighs] Jason!
Just forget it. all right?
Really? 'Cause no one else has!
♪ Everybody is talking
Talking! ♪
♪ On and on and on ♪
But he was the one who-- I never--
-So do something about it.
-No.
-I don't want to talk to him again.
-Pinky.
Do you wanna be remembered
as the guy who won half these trophies?
Or the guy who acted like a fairy
with Trevor?
What do I do?
You don't even have to talk to him
about it.
-Just write down what you'd say.
-Okay.
♪ Get me through today ♪
♪ Na na na na na na ♪
-That's it?
-No. Also…
♪ Get me through today ♪
♪ Na na na na na na ♪
Yes. Perfect.
Hey. Mary?
For Trevor.
The long way around.
Got it.
♪ Get me through today ♪
-♪ Snap ♪
-♪ Flip ♪
-♪ Turn ♪
-♪ Snap ♪
Trevor. your report is next.
"The Loss of Innocence
as Reflected in Literature."
In front of the class
like everyone else. dear.
-♪ Turn ♪
-♪ Tip ♪
-♪ Slip ♪
-♪ Turn ♪
[quickly]
The loss of innocence is brought about
by an experience with no explanation.
-The character must experience this loss.
-[students giggle]
Must react with natural spontaneity.
Must be hurt.
The experience must be potent enough
to be remembered.
[school bell rings]
Pinky. Pinky. wait up!
-Trevor. cut it out.
-But I'm okay now.
I promise. I had the procedure.
Well. I performed it myself.
But I feel different. Better. Normal.
Pinky told you what he thought
in his note.
-It hasn't changed.
-Note?
What note?
Look. you're sick.
And anyone who'd even talk to you now
is as sick as you are!
I'm not sick!
You are. And you'll never get better.
-♪ Snap ♪
-♪ Slip ♪
-♪ Turn ♪
-♪ Snap ♪
♪ Look the other way ♪
♪ No one there to see ♪
♪ You are yesterday ♪
♪ And you don't know me ♪
♪ No. you don't know me ♪
Mary! You let everyone see this note?
Hilarious. right?
But you can give it to Trevor now.
But it's horrible.
Yeah. He deserves it.
No. You're wrong.
And you're just mean.
[scoffs]
Pinky's right.
You're just as weird as Trevor.
[Trevor] Frannie. [pants]
-Did you have a note for me? From Pinky?
-Pinky's not talking to me.
Mary gave it to Lindsay.
who gave it to Mandi. who gave it to you.
Trevor! Please. Just forget it. okay?
-♪ Turn ♪
-♪ Tip ♪
-♪ Run ♪
-♪ Turn ♪
♪ Get away fast ♪
♪ Nothing else to do
But keep on walking past ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't know you ♪
♪ No. I don't know you ♪
♪ Snap. turn
Slip. tip ♪
♪ Turn. run ♪
♪ Tip. snap
Run. slip ♪
♪ Turn. run ♪
Trevor. there's no running
in the hallways.
♪ You're invisible. invisible to me ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh
You're invisible ♪
♪ You're invisible ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh
Invisible. invisible ♪
Walter. Cathy.
You guys need to talk to Trevor.
We're not really talking.
What? But you're his friends.
And you'd know all about that.
as long as it's on the right side
of Route 9.
Cathy. I'm sorry things changed.
but we still all know Trevor.
And someone has to get him to stop asking
about Pinky's note.
-Why?
-Because!
♪ Duck. dodge. slide
You won't catch my eye ♪
♪ You're not worth the risk ♪
♪ Go ahead and try ♪
♪ Slide. check. skid. duck ♪
♪ I'll be walking light ♪
♪ Like a mystery
I'll be out of sight ♪
♪ You won't notice me
You won't notice me ♪
Walter! Walter!
♪ Duck. slide. dodge. sneak
Turn. run ♪
Wait. I need to talk to you!
♪ Turn. run ♪
-Walter. please!
-♪ There's nobody nowhere ♪
-♪ No one you ever knew ♪
-♪ Turn. run ♪
♪ I'm invisible. invisible to you ♪
-Frannie told you about Pinky's note?
-I can't talk to you.
Walter. [sighs]
I'm sorry.
I know I haven't been a good friend.
I know it.
-But that doesn't mean--
-You're sorry? Now?
-'Cause you need something from me.
-Walter. please!
-Pinky might've said something important.
-He didn't.
-You know?
-Trevor. trust me--
Trust you!
After you showed my notebook to everyone?
Well. I didn't know it got so much worse
past the cover. okay?
I mean. geez. why do you have to act
so weird all the time?
We're not little kids anymore. Trevor.
Can't you just start acting
like a normal person and stop--
Can't I act normal?
You're the one who looks at your sperm
under a microscope.
-Trevor--
-He wanted to look at mine too…
-Shut up!
-…for your experiment!
Fine. Trevor. fine. Here.
Here's your wonderful. important note
from your best. best. best friend.
♪ I learned about stranger danger ♪
♪ And nothing is stranger than you ♪
♪ I gotta save
Gotta save myself now ♪
♪ And that means making
Making you. you. you. you ♪
♪ No one ♪
"Trevor. don't call me. don't talk to me…
You're a faggot.
A weak person.
You probably don't deserve to live."
♪ No one. nothing. nowhere I can see ♪
-♪ No one. nothing. nowhere I can see ♪
-♪ Invisible. invisible. invisible ♪
-♪ No one. nothing. nowhere ♪
♪ And you're nobody to me ♪
♪ I thought I was someone
Going somewhere ♪
♪ I thought everything about me
Was gonna get me there ♪
♪ And everybody would follow along ♪
♪ I thought they would ♪
♪ But I was wrong ♪
♪ 'Cause all I thought is a fantasy ♪
♪ A daydream of who I should be ♪
♪ Ignoring every part of me ♪
♪ I didn't wanna know ♪
♪ I never knew my heart at all ♪
♪ But now I know that it can fall ♪
♪ And when it does
I know it doesn't have a place to go ♪
♪ Oh ♪
[panting]
♪ Oh. oh ♪
♪ I thought I could fix it
I tried every way ♪
♪ But something in me is too broken
To try another day ♪
♪ I thought I'd be someone ♪
♪ I thought I was strong ♪
[sighs] That I was right.
[gasps] Dear Mom and Dad.
[sighs] I don't want you to think
I haven't given this a lot of thought.
[sniffles] I have.
I tried to cure myself.
but nothing worked.
And don't think it's your fault.
It just happened.
[sighs] And please. if it's possible.
play "Endless Love" at my funeral.
[sniffles]
It's my absolute fave.
[sniffling]
[clears throat]
["Endless Love" playing]
[Diana] ♪ My first love ♪
♪ You're every breath that I take ♪
♪ You're every step I make ♪
-♪ And I… ♪
-[Diana] ♪ I… ♪
♪ I want to share ♪
♪ All my love with you ♪
♪ No one else will do ♪
[pants. sniffles]
-[Diana] ♪ Your eyes ♪
-♪ Your eyes. your eyes ♪
♪ They tell me how much you care ♪
♪ Oh. yes ♪
♪ You will always be ♪
♪ My endless love ♪
♪ Two hearts
Two hearts that beat as one ♪
♪ Our lives have just begun ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ My love. my love ♪
♪ My endless love ♪
Hello.
-Hey there.
-Who are you?
Jack. [chuckles] I work here.
Your parents went to meet with the doctor
after you fell asleep.
but they should be back soon.
You look better than you did last night.
How do you feel?
Sick.
And sore from being sick.
Over and over.
Well. it's a good thing you were though.
Aren't nurses supposed to be girls?
Um. I'm a candy striper.
What's that?
Like a volunteer.
And they're not girls?
[chuckles]
Some are. Some aren't.
There's no rule.
Oh. [sighs]
So I guess you know why I'm here then.
I know you took way too many aspirin
and you won't have a headache for a year.
I won't?
That's not true.
But I shouldn't be here. At all.
Trevor. Dr. Harris spoke with you. right?
Yes. A hundred times.
And he says we have to keep talking. but…
Did anyone say…
am I going to try again. to do what I did?
-I think I should get the doctor--
-It doesn't matter.
People like me are sick
and never get better.
We're better off gone.
Who said that?
It's true. isn't it?
No. it's not.
But wouldn't it be easier?
[sighs]
Trevor. I know it might not seem like it
right now. but once you get out of here--
Everything will be the same!
You don't know what you're talking about.
You don't know anything.
No one does.
[Jack sighs]
I know that this isn't where you wanna be.
in a hospital.
But I guess you're right.
I don't know much else besides that. so…
help me out.
Where would you rather be?
What?
When you're far away from here and old.
Like in ten years.
Don't think. Just go.
Off the top of your head.
-♪ In another ten years ♪
-♪ You won't be talking still ♪
[gasps]
Okay. that's positive for you. I guess.
-♪ In another ten years ♪
-♪ I'll be sitting in another spot ♪
More specific.
♪ In another ten years ♪
♪ I'm gonna be some guy no one knows ♪
♪ Some freak they all forgot ♪
Okay. I was thinking something more like…
♪ In another ten years
I'm gonna see the world ♪
I'll make my biggest dreams look small ♪
♪ And when I come home ♪
♪ They'll all look at me
Like I'm the greatest star of all ♪
[Trevor] I don't think so.
It's just that'll always be Diana Ross.
[chuckles] I think you mean Donna Summer.
I don't.
Oh.
I mean. I saw Diana in concert once.
She was good.
Good? She's the best.
Second best.
Okay. are you sure
you're not actually a patient here?
Like. for a head injury or something?
Are you sure you've ever heard
a Donna Summer song?
"Hot Stuff" is cute.
But Diana's work with The Supremes alone
puts Donna to shame.
And then there's--
[Jack chuckles]
I mean. not that I like her.
'Cause Diana's for…
Um.
And I'm not…
I just had this friend
who's really seriously committed to her.
Mmm.
But he's weird.
♪ Ten years ago
I used to hate that word ♪
In whispers up and down the halls ♪
♪ I knew what it meant
But I couldn't let it show ♪
♪ So I faded back into the walls ♪
♪ Ten years ago
I used to hide myself ♪
♪ My every move was trying
Just to fall in line ♪
♪ I changed how I walked ♪
♪ And when I would talk
I used a voice that wasn't mine ♪
♪ And back in those days ♪
♪ I used to dream
I'd wake up as somebody new ♪
♪ Back in those days ♪
♪ I'd cry and scream
That every day would just be through ♪
♪ Oh. back in those days ♪
♪ I'd pray and pray
To be another life away ♪
♪ Where one of these days would be okay ♪
♪ Just like I heard Diana say ♪
Oh. never mind.
What? Why?
Well. you wouldn't wanna hear
what Diana Ross had to say at her concert.
It's okay.
You can still say it.
[chuckles]
-Well. she said…
-[laughs]
"My darlings. always remember.
no matter how difficult
it may seem at the time.
it's always easier to live the truth
than live a lie.
[Diana's voice] So be true
because I'll love you no matter what.
but I love you happy most of all."
She didn't say that.
Uh. it's just my friend told me
everything she ever said.
Well. okay.
Well. it wasn't anything famous.
just something she said
at her concert that I saw.
Really? Do you have a pen
or something I can write that down with?
-Just for--
-For your friend?
Knock. knock.
Oh. Is it okay if…
Mm-hmm.
You look a little less pale. bud.
-Oh. honey. I am so--
-Mom.
Not now.
Oh.
Well…
It's time to go. dear.
Back…
home. and. um…
I just wanted to say…
Uh…
They say the president is going
to make a full recovery
and should be back
in the White House by next week.
So. I just wanted you to know
how much I admire that kind of courage.
Okay?
Okay.
And. hey…
that bag of posters is
still in the garage.
And. well. it may take a while
for the wrinkles to go away.
but over time. you know?
So. you get dressed.
and we'll bring the car around
and get you back home.
Okay.
Sorry. They're really--
Trying.
They're really trying.
Yeah. I guess.
But how can I…
What if…
What happens now?
Tomorrow.
The next day. The next one.
♪ A decade's just time
And you'll see how it goes ♪
♪ It's gone in a minute ♪
♪ And any minute now
This all will be one of those days ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh. ooh. ooh. ooh ♪
♪ One of these days ♪
Jack. it's nice to meet you.
You too.
♪ Is it my imagination ♪
♪ Like it sometimes always is? ♪
♪ Was I hearing my own story ♪
♪ When I heard him telling his? ♪
♪ Like a signal out of nowhere ♪
♪ Like a light I've never known ♪
♪ Showing me I could be
Something more than alone ♪
♪ Is it my imagination ♪
♪ Making daydreams out of dust? ♪
♪ Are the feelings I'm feeling ♪
♪ Something I can really trust? ♪
♪ Like a world that finally opened ♪
♪ From a whisper to a scream ♪
♪ Telling me this could be
Something more than a dream ♪
♪ What if someday isn't someday? ♪
♪ What if it's right now? ♪
♪ What if who I hid is
Who I get to be somehow? ♪
♪ What if weird is only different? ♪
♪ What if different isn't wrong? ♪
♪ What if normal isn't
How I have to play along? ♪
♪ Play along ♪
♪ Is it my imagination ♪
♪ Like it always was before? ♪
♪ Will I hold on to this feeling ♪
♪ When I walk out of that door? ♪
♪ Is it too much to believe now ♪
♪ That it isn't only me? ♪
♪ Is it my imagination? ♪
[background singers] ♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Is it my imagination ♪
♪ Or could it be? ♪
[Walter] Hey.
Hey.
Oh. uh. and it's late. The bus.
So you didn't miss it.
Oh.
Good.
Uh. you know.
I thought you moved or something.
You were gone for so long.
Nothing changed.
Except. um. Frannie's hanging out
with Cathy now instead of Mary.
Pinky's hanging out
with Mary now instead of Frannie.
And I'm hanging out
with no one now instead of you.
And I'm sorry.
-Walter.
-Yeah?
The bus is here.
♪ Na na na-na na-na-na
Na na na-na na-na-na ♪
♪ On and on ♪
-Were you sick?
-What?
You weren't in school.
-Oh. no. it was just--
-Food poisoning.
Was it bacterial. viral or a parasite?
I know things.
Like. I know. Trevor--
I know friends is the best thing
we can ever be.
Which is better than anything else.
Yeah. well…
Besides. I don't kiss people
who my other best friend wants to kiss.
-What?
-Trevor!
I don't know what he's talking about.
He must have another other best friend.
Nope. Still Walter.
-Uh. what's she doing?
-Taking out her rubber bands.
-Here.
-What is--
Bubblicious. Strawberry.
Chew it!
♪ That's not part of the show
'Cause we don't need to know ♪
♪ What it looks like
When Walter and Cathy kiss ♪
♪ But I'm still glad to see
Well. not literally ♪
♪ But I guess this is something
I would have missed ♪
[whistle blows]
Okay. you little Pudding Pops.
We're gonna make the rest of the week
a little more fun.
I'm gonna pair you each up for
one-on-one rapid-fire dodgeball matches.
and then the winner of each match
will progress.
♪ But I would like to miss
Every second of this ♪
♪ Yes. I know every day
Can't all go my way ♪
♪ But I really don't know
Where to go with the show ♪
♪ When I still have to face-- ♪
Pinky Farraday.
Your first competitor will be
Trevor Nelson.
Careful. She might want a kiss.
♪ I'm right back in the game now ♪
♪ And I've gotta get through
Another marathon ♪
♪ And he acts like a stranger ♪
♪ But how can I forget
And keep moving on? ♪
♪ On and on and on and on and on ♪
You can just forfeit. you know?
Come on. I don't wanna hurt you.
You don't?
Trevor. everyone was saying I--
I mean. they thought I was--
-Trevor. I'm so--
-What's going on?
-You flirting again?
-What? No. I just--
You just what?
Come on. Let's forget this. What a weirdo.
Wait.
You don't even know me.
But I know you now.
And in ten years.
you're going to be just the same.
And I'll be so much weirder
than you can even imagine.
-And I can't wait.
-Let me guess.
Diana Ross said that. right?
No.
I did.
♪ I've gotta keep on going ♪
♪ Don't know where I'll be ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ And there's no one to follow there
Except for me ♪
-♪ 'Cause all I am right now ♪
-♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
-♪ Is right now ♪
-♪ All I am right now is right now ♪
-♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ All I am right now is right now
And right now I know ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
-♪ And I am on and on and on and on ♪
-♪ On and on and on ♪
-♪ On and on and on and on and on ♪
-♪ And I'll be ♪
-♪ I'm going on ♪
-♪ Na na na na na na na ♪
-♪ I'm going on and on and on ♪
♪ I'm going on ♪
-♪ On with the show ♪
-♪ Na na na. na na. na-na-na ♪
♪ On and on and on ♪
♪ On with the show ♪
["I'm Coming Out" playing]
♪ I'm coming out ♪
♪ I want the world to know
Got to let it show ♪
♪ I'm coming out ♪
♪ I want the world to know
Got to let it show ♪
♪ There's a new me coming out
And I just have to live ♪
♪ And I wanna give
I'm completely positive ♪
♪ I think this time around
I am gonna do it ♪
♪ Like you never knew it
Oh. I'll make it through ♪
♪ The time has come for me
To break out of this shell ♪
♪ I have to shout
That I am coming out ♪
♪ I'm coming out ♪
♪ I want the world to know
Got to let it show ♪
♪ I'm coming out ♪
♪ I want the world to know
Got to let it show ♪
♪ I've got to show the world
All that I wanna be ♪
♪ And all my abilities
There's so much more to me ♪
♪ Somehow I've got to make them
Just understand ♪
♪ I got it well in hand
And oh. how I have planned ♪
♪ I'm spreading love
There is no need to fear ♪
♪ And I just feel so fine
Every time I hear ♪
♪ I'm coming out ♪
♪ I want the world to know
Got to let it show ♪
-♪ You've got to let it show ♪
-♪ I'm coming out ♪
♪ I want the world to know
Got to let it show ♪
♪ I'm coming out ♪
[audience cheering. applause]
[upbeat music]
[music ends]